fix: Add example to bind columns to Select Widget (#720)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/select.md

}}
```

> To access object values, you should use the something like `obj["test"]` instead of `obj.test`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the values of an object with attribute names that contain spaces, use obj["<ATTRIBUTE_NAME"] instead of `obj.<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>`, where "<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>" is the placeholder for an attribute name.  For example, the attribute is "income tax".
```

```javascript

>  return { label: obj["test"], value: obj["test"]} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 return { label: obj["income tax"], value: obj["income tax"]} 
```

> To access the values of an object with attribute names that contain spaces, use `obj["<ATTRIBUTE_NAME"]` instead of `obj.<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>`, where `"<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>"` is the placeholder for an attribute name. For example, the attribute is `income tax`.

Reviewer 2: Need to change the text to 
For example, **if** the attribute is `income tax`

> To access the values of an object with attribute names that contain spaces, use `obj["<ATTRIBUTE_NAME"]` instead of `obj.<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>`, where `"<ATTRIBUTE_NAME>"` is the placeholder for an attribute name. For example, the attribute is `income tax`.

Reviewer: done
